hello everyone this is my daughter
Sunita I will be demonstrating how I
define her curls she is natural I'm
going to define her curls today I
usually define the curls on special
occasions such as holidays and school
photos but other than that I usually
just stretch your hair out with
ponytails and braids I'm going to wash
and conditioner hair with a hello
hydration shampoo and conditioner her
hair has been washed and conditioned and
I didn't apply any other product I'm
going to begin applying the curling
shake product by nature's ego I'm going
to divide her hair into four sections
and begin applying the curling shaykhs
to the back of her hair I'm basically
gonna apply the curling shape to the
rest of her hair in this manner using my
fingers and also my diamond brush
thanks for watching